# Stock-price-Prediction-system-using-Random-Forest-and-CNN

The aim of this project is to develop a  A Real Time Hybrid Model that can provide accurate predictions of the stock market price for consecutive days even during extreme market fluctuations. The objectives of the project include to: 
- Examine existing system for Predicting the stock market price.
- Design a Real Time Ensemble Machine Learning/Deep learning Model for Predicting the stock market price for consecutive days. 
- Optimize the performance of the system using Hybrid of Recurrent Neural Networks, and Random Forest Regressor. 
- Deploying the trained model with the highest accuracy on a web application for real time prediction using Django, a python framework. 
- Compare the existing system and the new system using standard performance metrics.
  
## Proposed System Design
The aim of this project is to develop a  A Real Time Hybrid Model that can provide accurate predictions of the stock market price for consecutive days even during extreme market fluctuations. The new system will enhance the existing system by using the large dataset of China stock data which covers from January 4th 2005 to March 28th 2022. The accuracy of each models will be evaluated and compared while the model with the highest accuracy will be deployed and used for prediction in real time. A user-friendly interface  where users can be able to predict the trend in stock “Close” price will be developed. The model will combine three different types of machine learning algorithms: Convolutional Neural Network, Recurrent Neural Network, and Random Forest. The system will require a large dataset of historical stock market data, including stock prices, trading volumes, and other relevant financial indicators. The performance of the model will be evaluated using various metrics such as r2 score, accuracy. To increase the system's prediction accuracy and decrease any potential overfitting, it will go through rigorous optimization and fine-tuning. To develop this model the following hardware and software will be used. RAM (8.00GB), Intel (R) Core (TM) i5-4200M CPU @ 2.50GHz. The software requirements are: Python, machine learning libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, and PyTorch for implementing CNN and RNN models, scikit-learn for Random Forest model), Django, Web browser, and Front-end Technologies (HTML, CSS for building the user interface of the web application). The new system, with the volume of dataset available will capitalize on getting accurate predictions that traders and investors need to rely on to make informed decisions about buying, selling, or holding stocks. The new system may have certain limitations, though, because stock market data frequently displays non-stationarity as a result of shifting market patterns, volatility, and investor activity. As a result, it may not be possible to construct precise and reliable predictive models in the future using the statistical patterns seen in previous data. 
